alright what's up guys it's like three
in the morning where I am and just
letting you guys know there's a few
things that means some kind of here
you're gonna be doing we're gonna go to
a tournament where we can potentially
win a thousand dollars so that's pretty
cool it's pretty much the first
competitive thing we've done where
there's actually money involved and I'm
yet to see I want to see how people play
when there's a G on the line you know is
there gonna be some bitch-ass campers or
what cuz uh I call it the guy cuz I was
curious something okay it's this is
gonna be actual games battle tournament
or it's just just you know for shits and
giggles and it turns out you know it's
all for fun but when you throw a
thousand dollars on the line it's fun
goes out the window and it just it turns
into try hard mode now honestly I mean
you guys can't tell me that you would
play like a total you know total bitch
if there's a tree on the line I mean I'm
not gonna play like that I'm hoping that
it can be a fun experience and you know
we can just laugh it's not a pizza joint
so hopefully we just go there have fun
laughs you know then just you know maybe
meet some new friends and shit so that'd
be kind of cool and I'm really just
expecting a actually we don't know what
to expect I was wondering I was like how
many people I think are actually going
to show up it's either gonna be totally
dead or it's gonna be a massive group of
people because I don't know how many of
the people are expecting but should be a
plentiful amount of people that we can
play and it's going to go through
saturday and sunday so if i don't upload
any of the videos during this week you
during the weekend you guys will know
why cuz we're in this tournament and I
don't I should be in bed right now know
why I'm every time this commentary but
as only you guys know so if you see a
lack of videos over the weekend I
apologize for that and the game thing
we're watching isn't really that
important this shows you how bad
demolition squads are this is a select
team tactical we're playing team
tactical because we were trying to
prepare because it's three-on-three
and the play style of a three-on-three
versus like a six on sick is a lot
different because obviously there's a
lot more people there could be a lot
more action and when you go three on
three sometimes gameplay can go to a
halt and sometimes you'll just it's just
like any other rob you'll run it just
like this I mean is the only reason why
this seems like impressive gameplay or
maybe it's not that impressive it's just
because it's sponsor horrible I mean
they're out of the never seen a call
duty that had demolition spawns that
actually worked well and the quick tip
for you guys if you're playing this and
you're not planting or defending make
sure that they never plant the a-bomb
gotta plant a bomb first never plant be
bomb first that's the stupidest thing
you can do right here I thought you can
see enemies for fitting and I call my
chopper to celebrate but a group of guy
actually come in and I waste my chopper
gunner for that next round and I was
like kicking myself like oh man why did
I throw away the frickin chopper gunner
kind of maybe a mad right there but I
got the blackboard luckily and the whole
time you see it is like enemy forfeiting
again it's just like fluttering between
people joining and whatnot but you know
team pack is fun but obviously it's only
for guys that you know honestly I think
don't get me wrong i know that this
makes perfect sense to why it it has
less lag is because there's less people
because this say perhaps the way the
service works this is kind of nerdy shit
but just say that to have like one
player in a game takes a hundred
megabytes and then there's nine nine
players well then you have nine hundred
megabytes that are eating up worth of
upload so just say that now there's only
eight guys and you only have 800 and
then like when you thoroughly ground war
into the equation like 18 people that's
1,800 so there's more work for the
consoles to do in service to do which is
why sometimes I actually like playing
team tactical hope you guys actually
understood that I made that
understandable it's something really
nerdy that I would know cuz honestly I
do know quite a bit about game
I'm a pretty serious gamer and I'm
trying to get into this uh you know
competitive aspect of gaming which I
think some channels work really well
doing like I know for a while
woodysgamertag uploaded game battles and
I thought that was the greatest thing
ever I was ok finally a guy that's
willing to show bad games and hopefully
when we go to this tournament of
three-on-three they'll allow us to
record it because it's going to be in a
private match and hopefully they allowed
us they allow us to record it and i'll
be able to upload if we get far you know
we actually win it I can upload the
winning match for you guys and if we
lose i can upload the losing match and
maybe i'll upload all of ok if you're
pretty cool but the whole situation
that's pretty funny because we talked to
the guy that's running it and we asked
him about stuff we should bring where
they should we bring our headsets he was
like oh you're not gonna need headsets
you're gonna be sitting right next to
each other and i was thinking like okay
any picture or video out of scene of
gamebattles everybody's sitting next to
each other with their Astros and
everybody's just you know all next to
each other making sure they can all
communicate with their headsets and
stuff and I was like this this may not
be as serious as I'm making out to be
because if this guy doesn't even a you
know really want us to bring our
headsets I was like okay that's kind of
odd because I thought it was going to be
a pretty competitive thing but a pretty
sure this gameplay is pretty much all
right I really swallow you guys know
what the hell going on and i'll look
forward to if you know we actually get
far this and actually can have some fun
with these guys up have a couple beers
and have fun but uh states watch this
guy's please wish me luck i'd really
appreciate that and if you enjoyed this
video remember just to like it that
really helps me out but other than that
guys i hope you guys have a good day or
night depending on your watch this and
i'll see you guys later peace